My head hurts!
What's the matter, Miss?
I'll save the imperial doctor for you.
How is the grandpa and junior sister?
Miss Sang just felt the cold
The old man has already prescribed medicine
It will be fine in a few days.
Junior sister blames me
I didn't protect you well on the day of the banquet
If I knew it earlier, I wouldn't have taken you into any industry
You haven't rested well these days.
That's tiring
Junior Sister
I shouldn't have let you drink, you have the nerve to say
It's just a little chill
Not so exaggerated
Junior sister who should also pay attention to the wind and cold
You can rest here for a few days
You're not going anywhere.
Hey Li Yuanzhou
Why are you so cruel to Junior Sister?
If you hadn't blamed Junior Sister for drinking last night
Junior sister will not fall ill
My junior brother, you really gave my junior sister a drink
Give me out
See if you still dare to control 10 girls in the future
If Junior Sister didn't have to rush before sending Ruthless
Find the other two magic tools
I also want to be with my sister
The two senior brothers will be sent here.
After my visit with my senior brother
Mingqin will join you
Junior sister, don't be too careful